
<div class="recitation">
<div class="column_date">
<p markdown="block">
        
Rec # 1 <br> 
Tue, Sep. 5 (sec. 6)
        
</p>          
</div>
    
<div class="column_recitation">
<p markdown="block">
        
[__Warm-up activity.__](https://goo.gl/S7FYbq) 


Once you complete the activity, download it in PDF format: 
_File -> Download As ... -> PDF Document (pdf)_

The completed PDF file should be submitted to Gradescope for grading (only one person from your group needs to submit the activity; you will have a chance to enter the names of all group members once you upload the file). 

Here are quick steps for uploading to Gradescope:

* Go to [gradescope.com](http://gradescope.com) and log in with you NYU email address (the version that contains your NetID).
* On your Courses page, select the course for which you’re submitting work.
* On your Courses page, you will see all of your current assignments. Click on the assignment you are turning in.
* _Click Submit PDF > Click Select PDF > locate the correct file on your computer > Click Upload PDF_
* (Only if activity has multiple pars) Tell us which pages correspond to each part/question on the assignment. You will see a list of all the assigned parts/questions, and images of all your document pages. For each question click the page(s) that contains your answer.
* Finally, add the group members to the submission: on the right hand side under the name of the person who submitted the assignment, you should see "Add Group Members" link. Use it to add up to 3 more student names to the submission. (If you skip this step the other group members won't get credit for their work.)

(If you did not receive email from Gradescope with an invitation to join
the class, or if you happened to delete that email, you can join the class 
by creating an account and using 9R84E9 as a class code.)
        

</p>        
</div>
    
</div>
